Library Main Page README Updates (#36)
aws/SigV4-for-AWS-IoT-embedded-sdk: README.md

> # AWS IoT SigV4 Library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# AWS SigV4 Library
```

**Note** This library is currently under development.

> The AWS SigV4 Library is a standalone library for generating authorization headers and signatures according to the specifications of the [Signature Version 4](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/signature-version-4.html) signing process. Authorization headers are required for authentication when sending HTTP requests to AWS. This library can optionally be used by applications sending direct HTTP requests to AWS services requiring SigV4 authentication. This library has no dependencies on any additional libraries other than the standard C library. This library is distributed under the MIT Open Source License.

Reviewer 2: ...specifications of the AWS Signature Version 4.....

> The AWS IoT SigV4 Library is a standalone library for generating authorization headers and signatures according to the specifications of the [Signature Version 4](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/signature-version-4.html) signing process. Authorization headers are required for authentication when sending HTTP requests to AWS. This library can optionally be used by applications sending direct HTTP requests to AWS services requiring SigV4 authentication. This library has no dependencies on any additional libraries other than the standard C library. This library is distributed under the MIT Open Source License.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWS SigV4 Library is a standalone library for generating authorization headers and signatures according to the specifications of the [Signature Version 4](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/signature-version-4.html) signing process. Authorization headers are required for authentication when sending HTTP requests to AWS. This library can optionally be used by applications sending direct HTTP requests to AWS services requiring SigV4 authentication. This library has no dependencies on any additional libraries other than the standard C library. This library is distributed under the MIT Open Source License.
```

> The AWS IoT SigV4 Library is a standalone library for generating authorization header and signature according to the specifications of the [Signature Version 4](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/signature-version-4.html) signing process. Authorization header is the required for authentication when sending HTTP requests to AWS. This Library is an optional addition to applications sending direct HTTP requests to AWS services requiring SigV4 authentication. This library has no dependencies on any additional libraries other than the standard C library. This library is distributed under the MIT Open Source License.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The AWS IoT SigV4 Library is a standalone library for generating authorization headers and signatures according to the specifications of the [Signature Version 4](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/signature-version-4.html) signing process. Authorization headers are required for authentication when sending HTTP requests to AWS. This library can optionally be used by applications sending direct HTTP requests to AWS services requiring SigV4 authentication. This library has no dependencies on any additional libraries other than the standard C library. This library is distributed under the MIT Open Source License.
```

Reviewer: Suggest removing the IoT prefix

Author: Shall I remove it now or first discuss it with Tanmoy.

This library has gone through code quality checks including verification that no function has a GNU Complexity score over 8, and checks against deviations from mandatory rules in the MISRA coding standard. Deviations from the MISRA C:2012 guidelines are documented under MISRA Deviations. This library has also undergone static code analysis using Coverity static analysis, and validation of memory safety through the CBMC automated reasoning tool.

> See memory requirements for this library [here][a9].
> 
> [a9]: ./docs/doxygen/include/size_table.md

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
See memory requirements for this library [here][memory_table].

[memory_table]: ./docs/doxygen/include/size_table.md
```

> ## AWS IoT SigV4 Library Config File

Reviewer 2: Let's use AWS SignV4 throughout

> ## AWS IoT SigV4 Library Config File
> The AWS IoT SigV4 Library exposes build configuration
> macros that are required for building the library. A list of all the
> configurations and their default values are defined in
> [sigv4_config_defaults.h][b1]. To provide custom values for the
> configuration macros, a config file named `sigv4_config.h` can be
> provided by the application to the library.
> 
> [b1]: source/include/sigv4_config_defaults.h

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## AWS IoT SigV4 Library Config File
The AWS IoT SigV4 library exposes build configuration
macros that are required for building the library. A list of all the
configurations and their default values are defined in
[sigv4_config_defaults.h][default_config]. To provide custom values for the
configuration macros, a config file named `sigv4_config.h` can be
provided by the application to the library.

[default_config]: source/include/sigv4_config_defaults.h
```

By default, a `sigv4_config.h` config file is required to build
the library. To disable this requirement and build the library with default
configuration values, provide `SIGV4_DO_NOT_USE_CUSTOM_CONFIG` as
a compile time preprocessor macro.

**Thus, the SigV4 library can be built by either**:

* Defining a `sigv4_config.h` file in the application, and adding
  it to the include directories list of the library.

**OR**

* Defining the `SIGV4_DO_NOT_USE_CUSTOM_CONFIG` preprocessor macro
  for the library build.
  
## Building the SigV4 Library

> The sigV4FilePaths.cmake file contains the information of all source files and the header include paths required to build the SigV4 library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sigV4FilePaths.cmake file contains information of all the source files and header include paths required to build the SigV4 library.
```

## Reference examples

> The AWS IoT Embedded C-SDK repository contains [demos](https://github.com/aws/aws-iot-device-sdk-embedded-C/tree/main/demos/http/http_demo_s3_download) showing the use of the AWS IoT SigV4 Client Library on a POSIX platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWS IoT Embedded C-SDK repository contains [HTTP demos](https://github.com/aws/aws-iot-device-sdk-embedded-C/tree/main/demos/http/http_demo_s3_download) showing the use of the AWS SigV4 Library on a POSIX platform to authenticate HTTP requests to AWS S3 service.
```

> The AWS IoT Embedded C-SDK repository contains [HTTP demos](https://github.com/aws/aws-iot-device-sdk-embedded-C/tree/main/demos/http) showing the use of the AWS SigV4 Library on a POSIX platform to authenticate HTTP requests to AWS S3 service.

Reviewer 2: The AWS IoT Device SDK for Embedded C (C-SDK) repository contains....
